From the KEMBS copy
Salomon BERNHEIM de Kembs & Feyle LEVY
Aujourd’hui vingtičme jour de Thermidor, l’an sept de la République française une et indivisible
ŕ dix heures du matin; par devant moi François Brumen agent municipal d’Huningue faisant
pour le Président de l’Administration du canton d’Huningue désigné par l’article de la loi du
treize fructidor an six bulletin numéro deux cent vingtičme pour faire la fonction d’un officier
Civil quant ŕ la célébration du mariage des citoyens sont comparus dans la maison commune
d’Huningue, chef-lieu du canton pour contracter mariage. D’une part Salomon Bernheim,
marchand, âgé de 23 ans, domicilié dans la commune de Kembs, département du Haut-Rhin, fils
de Leib Bernheim & de Fromet Ullmann, son épouse, tous deux domiciliés dans la commune de
Kembs, Canton d’Habsheim, département du Haut-Rhin. D’autre part Feyelé Levy, âgée de seize
ans domiciliée dans la commune de Boltzheim département du Haut-Rhin, fille de Hertz Levy &
de Rachel Schmuel aujourd’hui domiciliées la commune de Blotzheim; lesquels futurs conjoint
étaient... (rest is missing)


Today the twentieth day of Thermidor year seven of the French Republic one and indivisible
at ten in the morning; in front of I, François Brumen, municipal employee of Huningue,
for the President of the administration of the canton of Huningue, according to the law of
thirteeen Fructidor year six bulleting number two hundred and twenty to be able to function as a
civil official of a marriage of persons who present themselves in the common house of
Huningue, capital of the canton, for a marriage. Firstly Salomon BERNHEIM,
merchant, 23 year old, resident of Kembs, department of Haut-Rhin, son
of Leib BERNHEIM and Fromet ULMANN, his spouse, both residing in
Kembs, Canton of Habsheim, department of Haut-Rhin. Secondly Feyelé LEVY, sixteen
year old, residing in Boltzheim, department of Haut-Rhin, daughter of Hertz LEVY and
Rachel SCHMUEL presently residing in Blotzheim, ...


In terms of how records were identified as Jewish - -religion is not mentioned on any French record. However it was mentioned on the German records between 1870-1918 (when Germany annexed the area). Pierre and his team identified Jewish records (on the French records) based upon Jewish sounding names and using their best judgement. They estimate a 95% accuracy rate, though they are sure there some names that are not Jewish (either because of names like "MEYER" which could be Jewish or non-Jewish and/or due to intermarriage).

3) Pierre sent me two images, one in French and one in German (that I have attached to this email), which can be incorporated within the description file.
The file in French is of a marriage record from 1799. It has both copies that were created at the time (one which stayed in the town of the marriage and the second copy delivered to the capital of the department).  He also included typed French text and a translation to English (this records is of Pierre's 3rd GGrand parents). The copy from the town is missing the second page, while the one that went to the capital is complete.

The file in German is the town copy for Jules BERNHEIM x Jeanne Sara MEY on 13-Dec-1887 in Strasbourg.

Please let me know the next step. Pierre wants this data live by early next week or he will ask for it back. Do we need anything else?

Thank you,
Avrami
